Where are the thousands of dollars.
That's all Bank Lee is asking for now.
Hello, how about we go to the military planning room to do something about it.
No need, I'll use the money to attract money.
How much does your time cost? Let me see,
Can Sanxiao still help you with the money?
Two thousand dollars. Two thousand dollars.
Doesn’t Bank Li have two thousand yuan?
Yes, yes, yes, I just went to get two thousand yuan.
Okay, madam, you can really afford two thousand dollars.
OK, thank you. Not bad, not bad,
Not bad, great.
Welcome to visit us next time and visit us often when you have time.
Did you just offend that lady?
She makes black cards and holds dust armor
Only in the unlikely event can you be eligible to claim power.
Isn't it smart to put a black card on it?